feat: add multi instance detection, release 7.2.0 (#173)
talsec/Free-RASP-Flutter: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.1.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [7.2.0] - 2025-07-16

- iOS SDK version: 6.12.1
- Android SDK version: 16.0.1

### Android

#### Added

- Added support for 16 KB memory page sizes
- Added `onMultiInstance` callback

>   - We are introducing a new capability, detecting whether the application is running in various multi instancing environments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Detecting whether the application is installed/running in various multi-instancing environments (e.g. Parallel Space)
```
